Amateur Radio Practice Exam Creator

This is a simple editor that creates and edits XML files for multiple choice
examinations. It was created particularly for touching up XML versions of the
U.S. Amateur Radio License Examination Question Pools. The U.S. Amateur Radio
License Exams are called "Elements," and each one contains various sections
called "subelements" (corresponding to "Exam Sections" in this application),
which are further divided into "Groups" of questions. Each examination
consists of one question randomly selected from each of the question groups,
so that the examination covers the range of topics a potential licensee is
expected to be familiar with. The question pools are publicly available from
<http://www.ncvec.org/>, which means that practice exams can be made from
actual exam questions.

Although this Exam Creator is oriented around the Amateur Radio licensing
exams, it may be useful for designing any type of multiple choice exam with
the same structure of sections and groups. Since the output is an XML file, it
should be straightforward to parse it from another application to actually
present the exam.

The code is licensed under the MIT license, so you can do pretty much whatever
you want with it.

LICENSE:

Amateur Radio Practice Exam Creator

Copyright © 2013 Jeremiah Stoddard

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
